tdp v2 plugin (#334)
alumet-dev/alumet: plugins/energy-attribution/README.md

## Requirements

> To obtain hardware and software measurements, you need to enable other plugins such as `rapl` or `tdp` for energy consumption (per resource) and `procfs` or `k8` for hardware usage (per consumer).

Author: ```suggestion
To obtain hardware and software measurements, you need to enable other plugins such as `rapl` or `tdp` for energy consumption (per resource) and `procfs` or any cgroup plugins (`K8s`, `OAR`, `Slurm`) for hardware usage (per consumer).
```
